today I come back here speaking of one of a
error I was having here with screen
test is an application to tie the
android did not vote for some guys
video I played in Turkey with him
with this happens
Only when the record label is January and January.
to please the 11 game
the screen is blurred in one and produces
nothing back to show you how I
stay there and I do not stop three
mini I could not solve this year
I tried to forget and everywhere and not
the 3001 process solution fortunately who
have solution there for him because in cast
I left my comment there from the video that
I think there are other people too.
the same error and the solution that
I met people instead of using the
croquettes yesterday process three solution
minutes a bid that the scr own
red with polka dots in the month square
with amorim lei it's 60 then that record
also record the player name
he just did not record gameplay in the league he
he just records naná
This leads to an internal mazda video
pay me good water play
Now let's go to Iraq, do not forget what
It is connected're already recording
so I'm going to call here a game that
You see how she stays and then
back showing a solution that is 11
in the recording a sr top even in the
first here a sketch the error
believe when I record a game that
I 'll apply this benefit
rubs the itabira rubin hopes to open the
The screen was already petró and now it
The way the image understood, it's not visible.
nothing in order to lock the video all this
with that in test in the 63 of me and I go
come back here to leave the game here
So how's the image now recording?
it was blurry, right?
then this error is that there is a problem
with whom to solve all the ways
ten-minimum process that comes from the site
nothing has no solution because as cash in the
cs three mini configuration all the solution
that I found was to download these r scr
prona 173 mil that does the writing crockery
in cash and land is the quality is a bit
lower but good gameplay record
now I'll show you there mr
pro to record his recording of the aggravation
of the game as he recorded yesterday and
out good law requiring that Mr. cs
There's a shelter here
setting his configuration you
have to leave if you have arrived using
or using here in the first
option here look at this video to fit
it tightens here
leaves this second option is software
mpeg4 game leaves this option even though
the resolution of 800 480 that resolution
of the screen 73 thousand and if you are
using the cell phone and what we do
call resolves on your cell phone is testing
the detroit Indian gets 10 mega bytes
per second
what I leave here even if 30fps
modify
and the rest you left as I am
even here, do not touch anything else
understand now come one guys
recorder and player that you see here
come back now let's give someone there
guys with less here have you need
a good dive I grew up here in the game
now you must give to record of good
there a link or the video there from sc
the sr
to record someone between the red screen
alone despite my feet to walk and
talk a little there and hit the wheel
Leather gameplay was and that's it time
had to have explained a little
fast the complicated way round virtual to
he had given someone else
think there said there that for me is already
enjoying a video that's really cool is
then you want to ask for a video alongside did
but this video was difficult to
record a record in 173,000 cash and was
giving that